we are going to make the descent to over
bathroom
these are brooch tickets to the be worth
3,000 feet
and then we'll descend in the bearing
287 down to 2008 mines out and start
level turn to the right in order to
intercept our Alban inbound force of one
three seven living 2,000 feet to the
mini mode is an attitude that is by
hundred feet in this approach will we
will be able to see in the left side the
former American us therefore face his
base was active during the Second World
War the Americans they used to call the
rock at that time there were about 2,000
military personnel established in these
days they used to fly Catalina's TV wife
Muraki prosody Minto Charlie Coleman he
became an additional cuatro Vientos he
draws conscience
Vista uno Quattro TV King Restless
you